beside them crashed apart under heavy hooves and a low moaning bawl assaulted their ears. "It's only a cow." said Scarlett. her valce rough with fright "Don't be a fool. Prissy Youve mashed the baby and frightened Miss Melly and Wade" "It's a ghos." moanga Prissy. Writhing face down on the wagon boards Tuming deliberately Scarlett raised the tree limb she had been using as a whip and brought it down across Prissy's back She was too exhausted and weak from fright to tolerate weakness in anyone else "Sit up, you Tool" she said. "before! wear this out on you" Yelping. Prissy raised her head and peering over the side of the wagon saw it was. indeed, a cow, a red and white animal which stood looking at them appealingly with large frightened eyes opening it's mouth. if lowed again as if in pain "Is it hurt? That doesn't sound like an ordinary moo" "Soun" ter me lak her bag full an' she need milkin' bad." said Prissy, regaining some measure of control "spec if one of Mist' Macintosh's dat de niggers anw in de woods an' de Yankees ain' got" "We'll take it with us." Scarlett decided swiftly Then we can have some milk for the baby' How all we gwine tek a Cow wid us. Miss Scarlett? we kain tek no Cow wid us Cow an no good nohow effen she ain' been milked lately Dey bags swells up and busts Dat's why she holem". "Since you know so much about it take off your petticoat and tear it up and the her to the back of the wagon" "Miss Scarlett. you knows Ah ain' had no petticoat fer a month and did Ah have one. Ah Woulan put if on her fer nuthin' th nebber had no truck wid cows Al's sceered of cows" Scarlett laid down the reins and pulled up her skirt The lace-trimmed petticoat beneath was the last garment she possessed that was pretty- and whole she unted the waist tape and slipped it down over her feet. crushing the soft linen folds between her hands Rhett had brought her that linen and lace from Nassau on the last boat he slipped through the blockade and she had worked a week to make the garment Resolutely she took it by the bem and jerked, put it in her mouth and grawed, until finally the material gave with a np and tore the length she gnawes furiously. tore with both hands and the petticoat lay in strips in her hands she knotted the ends with fingers that pled from blisters and shook from fatigue "slip this over her horns." she directed But Prissy balked "Ah's sceered of Cows. Miss Scarlett An an' hebber had nuthin' ter do wid cows an anno yard nigger Ah's a house nigger" "You're a fool nigger and the worst day's Work Pa ever did was to buy you." said Scarlett slowly, too tired for anger "And if I ever get the use of my arm again. I wear this whip out on you" There she thought. I've said "nigger" and Mother wouldn't like that at all Prissy rolled her eyes wildly peeping first at the set face of her mistress and then at the cow which bawled plaintively Scarlett seemed the less dangerous of the two. so Prissy clutched at the sides of the Wagon and remained where she was Stiffly. Scarlett climbed down from the seat. each movement of agony of aching muscles Prissy was not the only one who was "sceered" of cows Scarlett had always feared them even the mildest cow seemed sinister to her, but this was no time to truckle to small fears when great ones crowded so thick upon her Fortunately the cow was gentle in its pain it had sought human companionship and help and it made no threatening gesture as she looped one end of the form petticoat about its horns she tied theother end to the back of the wagon, as securely as her awkward fingers would permit Then, as she started back toward the driver's seat a vast wearness assailed her and she swayed dizzily She clutched the side of the Wagon to keep from falling Melanie opened her eyes and seeing Scarlett standing beside her whispered "Dear--are we home?" Homel Hot tears came to Scarlett's eyes at the word Home Melanie did not know there was no home and that they were alone in a mad and desolate World "Not yet." she said, as gently as the constriction of her throat would permit. "but we will be soon I've just found a cow and soon we'll have some milk for you and the baby" "Poor baby." whisperea Melanie, her hand creeping feebly toward the child and falling short Climbing back into the Wagon required all the strength Scarlett could muster. but at last it was done and she picked up the lines The horse stood with head crooping dejectedly and refused to start Scarlett laid on the whip mercilessly she hoped God would forgive her for hurting a tired animal If He didn't she was sorry After all. Tara lay just ahead, and after the next quarter of a mile, the horse could drop in the shafts if he liked Finally he started slowly the wagon creaking and the cow lowing mournfully at every step the pained animal's voice rasped on Scarlett's nerves until she was tempted to stop and untie the beast What good would the cow do them anyway if there should be no one at Tara? she couldn't milk her and even if she could the animal would probably kick anyone who touched her sore udder But she had the cow and she might as well keep her There was little else she had in this world now Scarlett's eyes grew misty when at last, they reached the bottom of a gentle incline for just over the rise lay Taral Then her heart sank The decrepit animal would never pull the hill The slope had always seemed so slight so gradual in days when she galloped up it on her fleet-footed mare It did not seem possible it could have grown so steep since she saw it last The horse would never make it with the heavy logo Wearly she dismounted and took the animal by the bridle "Get out. Prissy." she commanded, "and take Wade Either carry him or make him walk Lay the baby by Miss Melanie" Wade broke into sobs and whimperings from which Scarlett could only distinguish "Dark--dark--Wad frightened "Miss Scarlett. An kan walk Mah feets done blistered an dey's thoo mah shoes. an Wade and me doan weigh so much an--" "Get out! Get out before I pull you out! And if I do. I'm going to leave you right here. in the dark by yourself Quick now!" Prissy moaned, peering at the dark trees that closed about them on both sides of the road-trees which might reach out and clutch her if she left the shelter of the Wagon But she laid the baby beside Melanie scramblea to the ground and reaching up lifted Wade out the little boy sobbed. shrinking close to his nurse "Make him hush I can't stand it." said Scarlett, taking the horse by the bride and pulling him to a reluctant start "Be a little man. Wade and stop crying or I will come over there and slap you" Why had God invented 
